{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f179\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f180\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f182\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f183\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f184\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f185\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f186\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f195\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f196\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f198\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f199\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f200\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f201\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f202\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri-1440\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin-1440\lin0\itap0 \fs24\ul\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid-1139778196\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace144\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid985054666\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li504\jclisttab\tx504 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace144\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace144\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693
\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace144\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace144
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace144\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0
\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace144\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23
\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace144\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23
\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace144\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }
{\listname ;}\listid366953134}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid366953134\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title Pay any price, just roll the dice for what the sorc\'92rer offers}{\author MJ}{\operator Markham Anderson}
{\creatim\yr2011\mo6\dy24\hr17\min45}{\revtim\yr2011\mo6\dy24\hr17\min51}{\version8}{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords628}{\nofchars3584}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8203}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace120\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow2\dgvshow2
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale110\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri-1440\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin-1440\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\ul\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Vae Victis
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri-1440\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin-1440\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par 1.
\par 
\par Pay any price, just roll the dice for what the sorc\rquote rer offers
\par A kingdom and a human soul to line his ebon coffers
\par 
\par A paltry fee to set me free and bridge the vast expanse,
\par Escape from fire and fun\rquote ral pyre to seize my second chance
\par 
\par A chance to take my vengence for ignoble treachery
\par A chance for blood, a chance to murder them who murdered me.
\par 
\par And when their blood is drying, killers dying one by one,
\par That voice which haunts these dreams forewarns the killing\rquote s just begun
\par 
\par 2.
\par 
\par The conjurer\rquote s commission carries \lquote cross the firey lake
\par And bids me seek the Pillars and once there to undertake
\par 
\par The woeful ghost\rquote s behest to overtake and undermine
\par The unknown hand that spread Nupraptor\rquote s madness to the Nine
\par 
\par And for this shade\rquote s presumption, hie we from her love\rquote s retreat,
\par And cast the lifeless head of her beloved at her feet
\par 
\par The hou\rquote r bids leave the melancholy spirit there to weep.
\par In pity for herself and the remaining souls to reap
\par 
\par 3.
\par 
\par Within the swampland refuge of pecun\rquote ious decadence
\par Reside the Prince of darkness and his guests of consequence.
\par 
\par In token of his pledged support, a finger\rquote s silver wreath,
\par This rune-cut ring of metal fused with bloody, broken teeth,.
\par 
\par May of the looming trinity secure the end to one.
\par For if the Circle\rquote s ward can die, then preparation\rquote s done
\par 
\par For storming Eden\rquote s keep past the ensorcelled barricade,
\par Protected by the present of the Prince\rquote s promised aid.
\par 
\par 4.
\par 
\par The barrier which lies far north of Termogent\rquote s black slough
\par Plagues not our kind, or just perhaps it thinks me sick enough.
\par 
\par But on the other side, a blight of burning angels\rquote  tears
\par Rains down to Nosgoth, pooling into incalescent meres.
\par 
\par The triad\rquote s caught, the noose pulls taut, and sin must claim her tolls.
\par The dogs are each cut down by weapons forged from forfeit souls.
\par  
\par Thus Conflict, Energy, and Nature found their way to hell,
\par For as the dark clairvoyant uttered, death had taught me well.
\par 
\par 5.
\par 
\par And far below the mountain, tends the planer to her mission
\par With not the least regard to save the city from perdition.
\par 
\par Fast falls the city to decay; while men and devils clash,
\par And all around them, tenements and bodies burn to ash.
\par 
\par And only the cathedral undergoes no opposition;
\par The hand that feeds, it serves, to both the demons and magician.
\par 
\par The way of all the world is death, and there the planer went
\par To burn for all her crimes and e\rquote er remain where she was sent.
\par 
\par 6.
\par 
\par The tyrant marches from the north with banners dressed for war
\par And leaves a wake of broken kingdoms lying in their gore.
\par 
\par Still, in the lake stands one Last Hope to make the legion scatter,
\par But if the sov\rquote reign stalls much more, the Last Hope shall not matter.
\par 
\par The lakeland king broods languishing, in mourning for his daughter,
\par Whose soul was lost for want of caution which he should have taught her.
\par 
\par The army of the lakeland flees, without their fallen lord.
\par To time of yore or fall before the soldiers of the Horde!
\par 
\par 7.
\par 
\par To Stahlberg of the snow and ice of fifty years ago
\par To find the northern king ere he become my mortal foe.
\par 
\par In dour intent to kill him in his youth when newly crowned,
\par Within his own bedchamber spill his blood upon the ground.
\par 
\par This time through history he dies still upright, pure, and just
\par And mostly, never to become the enemy he must.
\par 
\par From William\rquote s court of yesteryear, return through time to find
\par This wanton regicide provoked a purge of all our kind.
\par 
\par 8.
\par 
\par Behind the time device which changed the course of yesteryear
\par The oracle held all the strings and played the puppetteer.
\par 
\par Pursue him through the castle yard where wizards peep and mutter
\par In fear he takes his final breath, a final word to utter:
\par 
\par \'93Hark, you shall die as sure as I have known the things I knew.\'94
\par Our own response sounds: \'93I\rquote m already dead.  \'85And so are you.\'94
\par }{\i\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 His talisman, the ho-urglass, marks token number six,
\par A grim memento to the end of all the seer\rquote s tricks.
\par 
\par 9.
\par 
\par Between the plinths, the final act of this macabre play
\par Finds battle \lquote twixt the alchemist and sorc\rquote rer underway
\par 
\par The conqu\rquote ring necromancer also falls before his bane,
\par For death is not the master but a thrall upon my chain
\par 
\par Just one more death completes the Circle, balancing the price.
\par But that it were-n\rquote t mine, I\rquote d not refuse the sacrifice.
\par 
\par Shall all the world fall prey to the quietus of the curse
\par And see the deathly spectre ride atop his horse-drawn hearse.
\par 
\par }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 211 \\f "Symbol" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24}}}{ Copyright  2011 Markham Anderson}{\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033 
\par }}